List all config params in README.md (#109)
owncloud/openidconnect: README.md

    ]
  ]
];
```

#### All Configuration Values explained

- loginButtonName - the name as displayed on the login screen which is used to redirect to the IdP
- autoRedirectOnLoginPage - if set to true the login page will redirect to the Idp right away

> - provider-url - the url where the IdP is living. In some cases (KeyCloak, Azure AD) this holds more then just a domain but also a path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- provider-url - the url where the IdP is living. In some cases (KeyCloak, Azure AD) this holds more than just a domain but also a path
```

- client-id & client-secret - self-explanatory

> - scopes - depending on the IdP setup and needs the list of required scopes is entered here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- scopes - depending on the IdP setup, needs the list of required scopes to be entered here
```
(should there be example(s) somewhere?)

> - insecure - no ssl verification will take place when talking to the IdP - DON'T use in production

Reviewer: set to what? boolean true, string "true" or?

- provider-params - additional config depending on the IdP is to be entered here - usually only necessary if the IdP does not support service discovery
- auth-params - additional parameters which are sent to the IdP during the auth requests

> - redirect-utl - the full url under which the ownCloud OpenId Connect redirect url is reachable - only needed in special setups

Reviewer 2: typo "u**t**l"

- use-token-introspection-endpoint - if set to true the token introspection endpoint is used to verify a given access token - only needed if the access token is not a JWT
- token-introspection-endpoint-client-id & token-introspection-endpoint-client-secret - client id and secret to be used with the token introspection endpoint
- post_logout_redirect_uri - a given url where the IdP should redirect to after logout
- mode - the mode to search for user in ownCloud - either userid or email

> - search-attribute - the attribute which is taken from the access token JWT or user info endpoint to identify the user (names as claim as well)

Reviewer: `(names as claim as well)`
I don't understand what this means.

> - allowed-user-backends - limit the user which are allowed to login to a specific user backend - e.g. LDAP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- allowed-user-backends - limit the users which are allowed to login to a specific user backend - e.g. LDAP
```
